WHAT IS SNAPSync?
-----------------

SNAPSync is a linux utility software which can run as a daemon to do 
live syncing(mirroring) of user's directory on system at different 
places(eg: home, office, institute, etc.) with user's directory on
the server. It uses delta-transfer algorithm provided rsync
(www.samba.org/rsync/)

Before start working on the source directory(the directory that we
want to sync with the server) there is a need to setup the SNAPSync 
so that all the changes get transferred to the server periodically.

SNAPSync takes the information of source, destination, time(which is
used to transfer any updates periodically) from the configuration
file. Configuration file can be specified while executing the software
with option --config.file=path_to_configuration_file.

SNAPSync periodically checks for any updates and if there are any 
updates then it transfers only the changes. To transfer the updates
it uses rsync source code.

Rsync is a fast and extraordinarily versatile file copying tool for
both remote and local files.

Rsync uses a delta-transfer algorithm which provides a very fast method
for bringing remote files into sync.  It does this by sending just the
differences in the files across the link, without requiring that both
sets of files are present at one of the ends of the link beforehand.  At
first glance this may seem impossible because the calculation of diffs
between two files normally requires local access to both files.

The source code of rsync was modified so that it can be used directly as
a function. Also rsync now returns different values to handle exceptional
conditions.

BUILD
-----

To build from the source just do "make". Doing make will creates one executable
file with the name snap_sync.

USAGE
-----

To start using the software first specify the details of the source, destination, time
and detach in a configuration file and give the path of that file while executing the 
software with the opition --config.file. Also it is required to EDIT the onetimepass.sh
file so that the software will ask for the authentication of the directory on the server
only once.

./snap_sync --config.file=path_to_configuration_file

GIT REPOSITORY
--------------

If you want to get the very latest version of SNAPSync direct from the
source code repository then you can use git:

    git clone https://github.com/garvitlnmiit/SNAPSync.git

COPYRIGHT
---------

SNAPSync was originally written by Garvit Sharma(UG@LNMIIT, Jaipur) under the 
supervision of Dr. Anupama Potluri, Assistant Professor University of Hyderabad (UoH).
